README.md, before:

# Outbrain Managed Component

Find out more about Managed Components [here](https://blog.cloudflare.com/zaraz-open-source-managed-components-and-webcm/) for inspiration and motivation details.

[![Released under the Apache license.](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-apache-blue.svg)](./LICENSE)
[![PRs welcome!](https://img.shields.io/badge/PRs-welcome-brightgreen.svg)](./CONTRIBUTING.md)
[![code style: prettier](https://img.shields.io/badge/code_style-prettier-ff69b4.svg?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/prettier/prettier)
[![All Contributors](https://img.shields.io/github/all-contributors/managed-components/snapchat?color=ee8449&style=flat-square)](#contributors)

## 🚀 Quickstart local dev environment

1. Make sure you're running node version >=18.
2. Install dependencies with `npm i`
3. Run unit test watcher with `npm run test:dev`

## ⚙️ Tool Settings

> Settings are used to configure the tool in a Component Manager config file

### Marketer ID `string` _required_

Your account identifier

## 🧱 Fields Description

### Event Type `string` _required_

`event` the type of event can be one of:

- Page View
- Event

### Order ID `string` _optional_
`orderId` - The order ID of the event. 

### Order Value `string` _optional_
`orderValue` - The order value of the event.

### Currency `string` _optional_
`currency` - The currency of the order value.

### Event Name `string`

`name` - This is what you want to get to Outbrain as the event name. (e.g. Register)

## 📝 License

Licensed under the [Apache License](./LICENSE).

## 💜 Thanks

Thanks to everyone contributing in any manner for this repo and to everyone working on Open Source in general.

## Contributors ✨

Thanks goes to these wonderful people ([emoji key](https://allcontributors.org/docs/en/emoji-key)):

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:START - Do not remove or modify this section -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->
<!-- markdownlint-disable -->

<!-- markdownlint-restore -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:END -->

This project follows the [all-contributors](https://github.com/all-contributors/all-contributors) specification. Contributions of any kind welcome!

Commit message:

Documents click ID behavior in README

README.md, after:

# Outbrain Managed Component

Find out more about Managed Components [here](https://blog.cloudflare.com/zaraz-open-source-managed-components-and-webcm/) for inspiration and motivation details.

[![Released under the Apache license.](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-apache-blue.svg)](./LICENSE)
[![PRs welcome!](https://img.shields.io/badge/PRs-welcome-brightgreen.svg)](./CONTRIBUTING.md)
[![code style: prettier](https://img.shields.io/badge/code_style-prettier-ff69b4.svg?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/prettier/prettier)
[![All Contributors](https://img.shields.io/github/all-contributors/managed-components/snapchat?color=ee8449&style=flat-square)](#contributors)

## 🚀 Quickstart local dev environment

1. Make sure you're running node version >=18.
2. Install dependencies with `npm i`
3. Run unit test watcher with `npm run test:dev`

## ⚙️ Tool Settings

> Settings are used to configure the tool in a Component Manager config file

### Marketer ID `string` _required_

Your account identifier

## 🧱 Fields Description

### Event Type `string` _required_

`event` the type of event can be one of:

- Page View
- Event

### Event Name `string`

`name` - This is what you want to get to Outbrain as the event name. (e.g. Register)

### Order ID `string` _optional_
`orderId` - The order ID of the event. 

### Order Value `string` _optional_
`orderValue` - The order value of the event.

### Currency `string` _optional_
`currency` - The currency of the order value.

### Click ID `string` _optional_
`clickId` - The click ID of the event.

If not provided, the click ID will be taken from the URL using either `OutbrainClickId` or `dicbo` URL param (see [docs](https://www.outbrain.com/help/advertisers/server2server-integrations/) to learn how to configure this in Outbrain). Once set either from the event field payload or from the URL params, it will be saved and sent along with other requests to Outbrain within the same session.


## 📝 License

Licensed under the [Apache License](./LICENSE).

## 💜 Thanks

Thanks to everyone contributing in any manner for this repo and to everyone working on Open Source in general.

## Contributors ✨

Thanks goes to these wonderful people ([emoji key](https://allcontributors.org/docs/en/emoji-key)):

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:START - Do not remove or modify this section -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->
<!-- markdownlint-disable -->

<!-- markdownlint-restore -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:END -->

This project follows the [all-contributors](https://github.com/all-contributors/all-contributors) specification. Contributions of any kind welcome!
